children you have a visitor
[Music]
don't trust mrs culture
mrs calter is a control freak tell me
she's lyra's mom but lyra never knew her
miss coulter is behind the child
separations at wolf anger
how lovely to see you you have quite
shaped me up
she's made her way up
she's made herself one of the leads of
the magisterium you just need to show
some
strength she's become one of the most
powerful people
in the world mrs colte is just
shrouded in mystery
she is intrigued and curious
and excited about what else is out there
first impressions are vital for mr
sculptor lyra this is mrs coulter she
may be of some interest to you
what you look like and how you enter a
room oh
hello i am not used to the grandeur of
this at all
how you use your image
you'll have to tell me which knife and
fork to use i don't want to make a fool
of myself
it's again a tool of manipulation she
has to attract
not only men and women but kids are you
a female scholar you seem surprised well
female scholars don't dress like you
i'll take that as a compliment
she looks amazing and she doesn't and
she loves it she loves striding in a
room
with everyone looking at her hello eliza
you know him of course now come here
for women it's really interesting
because it's sort of about
objectification
in some ways and how she uses that to
her advantage the clothes you wear
determine the way people see you season
one you're like oh she's nice i like it
i think blue is quite your color did you
know that
she's beautiful she's intelligent she's
glamorous and then like five minutes
later you see she's burning
little kids letters that they're sending
to their parents
he slightly frightened of this woman and
intimidated by her
we have yet to understand what is your
precise role in all of this
my precise role through the character of
mrs coulter both philip and our
adaptation
show a lot of different depths and
levels and ambiguities
we cannot allow this woman to take
control ruth plays her so brilliantly
you know i look around this room
and i see failure one of the great
things that
ruth wilson has brought to the character
of mrs coulter is she's made her
powerful she's made her dominating
she's made her clever when you're
working with her you're looking to arise
you see there's always something going
on in her mind
i vow now never to
fail again philip had always written
both sort of snow white and the wicked
witch
sort of the ying and yang she had
written you know miss honey
you must trust me i trust you
and miss trunch balls we're going to
have an adventure together
we're going to go on a voyage so i kind
of had to
get that in a character and uh switch
between the two
if there's anyone that's sort of her
companion apart from monkey
it would be boreal your new security
team are
rigorous sadly they're necessary
egyptians are here you know in terms of
how they negotiate the world
their relationship is like that it's two
people who would run the world
she sees queen where have you been
away in the first season you see them
interacting slightly and you know
they're sort of
cohorts somehow
they're all about image they like
the way they're perceived in the world
you need to look so pleased with
yourself
you're late i've been busy together
they're a power couple
what
oxford
she knows what he wants she knows that
he has a soft
spot for her he has this
kind of love for her which has been an
unrequited love for quite some time
so she'll use him in order to get
information
use what she needs there's an element of
like i say companionship
[Music]
mrs coulter's desires aren't clear
that there seems to be such a desire for
her to have her child and you think is
that a motherly instinct is it a power
instinct
she's torn between her love for lyra
and her love for power the whole path
through the three books for mrs coulter
she is the woman who triumphs but she's
the woman who
is kept back all of the time what you
see in this season she's broken free of
all the
sort of constraints that she's built
around her
you